
Unique: 365 

UNIQUE LIST
===============================================
<query>count(mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*)
<query>count(mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*/av_ports/*)
<query>count(mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*/state[.=&quot;running&quot;])
<query>count(mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*/state[.=&quot;waiting&quot;])
<query>count(mapped/Json/config/router_routes_route/*)
<query>count(mapped/Json/dock/slots/*)
<query>count(mapped/Json/dock/slots/*/scenarios/*/x_id)
<query>count(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*)
<query>count(mapped/Json/tracks/*)
<query>mapped/Json/*
<query>mapped/Json/*[last()]/timestamp
<query>mapped/Json/*/variant
<query>mapped/Json/author
<query>mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*/av_device/av_chassis/ip
<query>mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*/av_device/device_id
<query>mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*/group_id
<query>mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*/id
<query>mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*/name
<query>mapped/Json/channel
<query>mapped/Json/channel_config/password
<query>mapped/Json/channel_config/prompt
<query>mapped/Json/channel_config/tcp_port
<query>mapped/Json/channel_config/username
<query>mapped/Json/completion
<query>mapped/Json/concurrency
<query>mapped/Json/config/defaultGatewayEnabled
<query>mapped/Json/config/defaultGatewayEnabled_ip
<query>mapped/Json/config/dnsFileName
<query>mapped/Json/config/dnsNameList
<query>mapped/Json/config/dnsQueryType
<query>mapped/Json/config/dnsSec
<query>mapped/Json/config/dnsTransportType
<query>mapped/Json/config/gratuitousARP
<query>mapped/Json/config/higherBoundPortRange
<query>mapped/Json/config/insertVlanTag
<query>mapped/Json/config/ipaddressranges_ipAddressRange
<query>mapped/Json/config/ipReassemblyTimeout
<query>mapped/Json/config/lowerBoundPortRange
<query>mapped/Json/config/macMasquerade_enabled
<query>mapped/Json/config/macMasquerade_mac0
<query>mapped/Json/config/macMasquerade_mac1
<query>mapped/Json/config/mixer/*/protocol
<query>mapped/Json/config/netMaskBits
<query>mapped/Json/config/network
<query>mapped/Json/config/protocols/*/name
<query>mapped/Json/config/randomizeIPAddr
<query>mapped/Json/config/router_routes_route
<query>mapped/Json/config/suites/*/title
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_randomizePort
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpCongestionControl
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpDelayedAckBytes
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpDelayedAcks
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpDelayedAckTimeout
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpInactivityTimeout
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpMaxSegSize
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpReceiveWindowSize
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpRetries
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpSackOption
<query>mapped/Json/config/tcpOptions_tcpVegasFlag
<query>mapped/Json/config/ui_ipaddress_count
<query>mapped/Json/config/ui_ipaddress_end
<query>mapped/Json/config/ui_ipaddress_start
<query>mapped/Json/config/userProfile_dnsFirstRetryInterval
<query>mapped/Json/config/userProfile_dnsOtherRetryInterval
<query>mapped/Json/config/userProfile_dnsRetries
<query>mapped/Json/config/vlanId
<query>mapped/Json/data/*/index
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/duts/*[1]
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/failure/cps
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/failure/enabled
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/timer/delay
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/timer/downtime
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/timer/duration
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/timer/rampdown
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/timer/rampup
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/espLoad/volume
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/global/mixer/*/protocol
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/global/runConfiguration/test_client_pktTrace
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/global/runConfiguration/test_client_pktTraceBytes
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/global/runConfiguration/test_server_pktTrace
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/global/runConfiguration/test_server_pktTraceBytes
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/global/runConfiguration/ui_debugEnable
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/global/trafficPattern
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/header/name
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/header/queue_name
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/interfaces/*[side=&quot;client&quot;]/gratuitousARP
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/interfaces/*[side=&quot;server&quot;]/gratuitousARP
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/failure/bandwidth
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/failure/dnsQueries
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/failure/enabled
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/failure/maxPercent
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/failure/method
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/failure/openconnection
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/failure/transactions
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/timer/delay
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/timer/downtime
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/timer/duration
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/timer/rampdown
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/timer/rampup
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/load/volume
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/network/client/networkprofile_gratuitousARP
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/network/client/networkprofile_higherBoundPortRange
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/network/client/networkprofile_lowerBoundPortRange
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/network/client/networkprofile_tcpOptions_tcpMaxSegSize
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/network/client/networkprofile_tcpOptions_tcpReceiveWindowSize
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/network/server/servernetworkprofile_gratuitousARP
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/name
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/client/action/*/METHOD
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/client/userProfile/userProfile_persistence
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/client/userProfile/userProfile_transactionsPerConnection
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/client/userProfile/userProfile_userAgent
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/esp_testcase_httpcps_client_piggybackGetRequest
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/esp_testcase_httpcps_client_port
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/esp_testcase_httpcps_closeMethod
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/esp_testcase_httpcps_server_port
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/esp_testcase_httpcps_server_responseSize
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/server/serverProfile/serverProfile_closeMethod
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/server/serverProfile/serverprofile_http_serverType
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/server/serverProfile/serverProfile_port
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/server/serverProfile/serverProfile_tos
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/*/params/transactionProfile/transactionProfile_bodyBytes
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/item/params/client/secondaryServerIp
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/item/params/client/userProfile/dnsFileName
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/item/params/client/userProfile/dnsNameList
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/item/params/client/userProfile/dnsQueryType
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/item/params/client/userProfile/dnsTransportType
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/protocols/item/params/server/serverProfile/serverProfile_closeMethod
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/slots/item/protocols/*
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/subnets/*[side=&quot;client&quot;]/ipaddressranges_ipAddressRange
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/subnets/*[side=&quot;server&quot;]/ipaddressranges_ipAddressRange
<query>mapped/Json/data/config/subnets/item/vlanId
<query>mapped/Json/data/count
<query>mapped/Json/data/description
<query>mapped/Json/data/finished
<query>mapped/Json/data/message
<query>mapped/Json/data/name
<query>mapped/Json/data/queue_test_id
<query>mapped/Json/data/run_id
<query>mapped/Json/data/state
<query>mapped/Json/data/time
<query>mapped/Json/data/total
<query>mapped/Json/data/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/description
<query>mapped/Json/dock/slots/*[1]/name
<query>mapped/Json/duration
<query>mapped/Json/errors
<query>mapped/Json/failed
<query>mapped/Json/fault
<query>mapped/Json/fork_id
<query>mapped/Json/header/name
<query>mapped/Json/host/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/id
<query>mapped/Json/ipv4
<query>mapped/Json/ipv6
<query>mapped/Json/issues/*
<query>mapped/Json/loading_status
<query>mapped/Json/mac
<query>mapped/Json/measurement
<query>mapped/Json/message
<query>mapped/Json/mixer/*/protocol
<query>mapped/Json/name
<query>mapped/Json/okay
<query>mapped/Json/options/queue/name
<query>mapped/Json/passed
<query>mapped/Json/protocol
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[4]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[5]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[6]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[1]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[2]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[4]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[5]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[6]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[2]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[4]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[5]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[6]
<query>mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[7]
<query>mapped/Json/protocol/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/protocols/*/name
<query>mapped/Json/queue
<query>mapped/Json/queue_test_id
<query>mapped/Json/results/*/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/run_id
<query>mapped/Json/scenario_ids/*
<query>mapped/Json/scenarios/*/name | mapped/Json/scenarios/*/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/scenarios/*/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/Score/failings/item[1]/limitPercentage
<query>mapped/Json/Score/failings/item[2]/limitPercentage
<query>mapped/Json/Score/failings/item/limitPercentage
<query>mapped/Json/Score/mark
<query>mapped/Json/status
<query>mapped/Json/subnet/client/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/subnet/server/x_id
<query>mapped/Json/subtype
<query>mapped/Json/Summary/Executed
<query>mapped/Json/Summary/Failed
<query>mapped/Json/Summary/Measurement
<query>mapped/Json/Summary/Open_Connection_Volume
<query>mapped/Json/Summary/Passed
<query>mapped/Json/Summary/Queue_Name
<query>mapped/Json/Summary/Volume_for_server_bandwidth
<query>mapped/Json/test
<query>mapped/Json/Test_Data_Summary/Successful_Queries_Per_Second
<query>mapped/Json/test_status/state
<query>mapped/Json/tests/*/name
<query>mapped/Json/timeline/data/*[label=&quot;summary&quot;]/points/acon/*
<query>mapped/Json/timeline/data/*[label=&quot;summary&quot;]/points/tput/*
<query>mapped/Json/timeline/data/*[label=&quot;summary&quot;]/points/vol/*
<query>mapped/Json/timer/duration
<query>mapped/Json/total_entries
<query>mapped/Json/total_pages
<query>mapped/Json/total_variants
<query>mapped/Json/track_label
<query>mapped/Json/tracks
<query>mapped/Json/tx_rx_client
<query>mapped/Json/tx_rx_server
<query>mapped/Json/url
<query>mapped/Json/variants_processed
<query>mapped/Json/VolDDoS_Category_Data/DDos/*[2]
<query>mapped/Json/VolDDoS_Category_Data/DDos/*[3]
<query>mapped/Json/VolDDoS_Category_Data/DDos/*[4]
<query>mapped/Json/VolDDoS_Summary/Volume_set_in_Load_Specification
<query>mapped/Json/volume
<query>mapped/Json/warning
<query>mapped/Json/x_config/espLoad/volume
<query>mapped/Json/x_config/load/failure/bandwidth
<query>mapped/Json/x_config/load/failure/transactions
<query>mapped/Json/x_config/protocols/*/name
<query>mapped/Json/x_id
<query>round(max(mapped/Json/TCP_Connections/Cumulative_Successful_Transactions/*/item[2]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[1]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[2]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[1]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[2]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[5]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[6]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[1]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[2]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*[position()&gt;1]/item[5]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*[position()&gt;1]/item[6]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[1]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[2]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[1]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[2]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[5]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_0/item[6]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[1]))
<query>round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[2]))
<query>substring(mapped/Json/file,13,17)
<query>sum(mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*/capacity)
<query>sum(mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*/memory)
<query>sum(mapped/Json/config/mixer/*/percentage)
<query>sum(mapped/Json/data/config/global/mixer/*/percentage)
<query>sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[5])
<query>sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/DNS/item[6])
<query>sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[5])
<query>sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[6])
<query>sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/item[7])
<query>sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*[position()&gt;1]/*[position()=1 or position()=2])
<query>sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/HTTP_1_1/*[position()=1 or position()=2])
count(mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/router_routes_route/*)
count(mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/protocols/*)
lower-case(mapped/Json/reports/*\[run_id=&quot;$runId&quot;\]/criteria)
lower-case(mapped/Json/reports/*\[run_id=&quot;$runId&quot;\]/test_type)
lower-case(substring-before(mapped/Json/reports/*\[run_id=&quot;$runId&quot;\]/criteria,&quot;(&quot;))
mapped/Json/*/av_queue_tests/*\[id=&quot;$testId&quot;\]/run_id
mapped/Json/*/id\[../name=&quot;$name&quot;\]
mapped/Json/*/x_id\[../name=&quot;$name&quot;\]
mapped/Json/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/x_id
mapped/Json/av_devices/*\[device_id=&quot;$deviceId&quot;\]/av_port_groups/*\[group_id=&quot;$groupId&quot;\]/reserve_state
mapped/Json/av_devices/*\[device_id=&quot;$dId&quot;\]/av_port_groups/*\[group_id=&quot;$pgId&quot;\]/av_ports/*/port_id
mapped/Json/av_devices/*\[device_id=&quot;$slot&quot;\]/av_port_groups/*\[group_id=&quot;$portGroupId&quot;\]/id
mapped/Json/av_devices/item/av_port_groups/*\[av_ports/*\[port_id=&quot;$portId&quot;\]\]/group_id
mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*/av_ports/*\[port_id=$portId\]/displayName
mapped/Json/av_port_groups/*\[./group_id=&quot;$gid&quot;\]/av_device\[./device_id=&quot;$did&quot;\]/av_chassis/ip\[.=&quot;$ip&quot;\]
mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*/author\[../name=&quot;$testName&quot;\]
mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*/state\[../name=&quot;$testName&quot;\]
mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*\[name=&quot;$testName&quot;\]/id
mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*\[name=&quot;$testName&quot;\]/run_id
mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*\[name=&quot;$testName&quot;\]/state
mapped/Json/config/router_routes_route/*\[$i\]/*
mapped/Json/data/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/x_id
mapped/Json/data/config/global/mixer/*/percentage\[../protocol=&quot;$protocol&quot;\]
mapped/Json/data/config/interfaces/*\[./port=&quot;$p&quot;\]/ui_subnet
mapped/Json/data/config/slots/*\[[expr $i+1]\]/protocols/*
mapped/Json/id\[../name=&quot;$name&quot;\]
mapped/Json/item\[./email =&quot;$email&quot;\]/id
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/author
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/channel
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/channel_config/password
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/channel_config/prompt
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/channel_config/tcp_port
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/channel_config/username
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/description
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/ipv4
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/ipv6
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/mac
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/updated_by
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/author
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/dnsFileName
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/dnsNameList
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/dnsQueryType
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/dnsSec
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/dnsTransportType
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/userProfile_dnsFirstRetryInterval
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/userProfile_dnsOtherRetryInterval
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/config/userProfile_dnsRetries
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/description
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/updated_by
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/author
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/defaultGatewayEnabled
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/defaultGatewayEnabled_ip
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/macMasquerade_enabled
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/macMasquerade_mac0
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/macMasquerade_mac1
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/netMaskBits
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/randomizeIPAddr
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/router_routes_route/*\[$i\]/*
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/ui_ipaddress_count
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/ui_ipaddress_start
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/config/vlanId
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/description
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot; and type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/updated_by
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[type=&quot;FuzzHost&quot;\]/name
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[type=&quot;Profile::Dns&quot;\]/name
mapped/Json/profiles/*\[type=&quot;Profile::Subnet&quot;\]/name
mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*\[$i\]/item\[5\]
mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*\[$i\]/item\[6\]
mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*\[$i\]/item\[7\]
mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[5\]
mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[6\]
mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[7\]
mapped/Json/reports/*/run_id\[text()=&quot;$runId&quot;\]
mapped/Json/reports/*\[run_id=&quot;$runId&quot;\]/author
mapped/Json/reports/*\[run_id=&quot;$runId&quot;\]/name
mapped/Json/reports/*\[run_id=&quot;$runId&quot;\]/queue
mapped/Json/results/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/x_id
mapped/Json/status
mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/author
mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/description
mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/test_type
mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/testRuns
mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/type
mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$name&quot;\]/x_id
mapped/Json/tests/*\[name=&quot;$testName&quot;\]/type
mapped/Json/x_id
name(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*\[$i\])
round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolName/item\[1\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolName/item\[2\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[1\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[2\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*\[$i\]/*\[position()=1 or position()=2\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*\[$i\]/item\[1\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/*\[$i\]/item\[2\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/*\[position()=1 or position()=2\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[1\]))
round(sum(mapped/Json/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[2\]))
substring(mapped/Json/av_queue_tests/*/created_at\[../name=&quot;$testName&quot;\],1,10)
sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolName/item\[5\])
sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolName/item\[6\])
sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolName/item\[7\])
sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[5\])
sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[6\])
sum(mapped/Json/Per_Port_Data/*/Report/Protocol_Data/$protocolStr/item\[7\])


